Match-Case: Match-Case is a simple syntax which allows us to conduct pattern matching in our code.
            It is very similar to writing if-else, but will advance capabilities for pattern matching.
            We can given multiple conditions in one case by using the "|" (pipe) symbol.
            We can even use temporary variables in case conditions for pattern matching.
            e.g. case (x, 0)... would work even when x is not defined (any value passed in place will be taken by x). We can use it inside the block.
            e.g. match point:
                     case (0, 0):
                         print("Origin")
                     case (x, 0):
                         print("Point on X-axis at {x}")
                     case (0, y):
                         print("Point on Y-axis at {y}")
                     case (x, y):
                         print("Point at {x}, {y}")
            Also in this example we need not give a wild-card (default) case block to handle things.
            We can use the unzip and multiple assignments technique for further pattern matching. e.g. case "find", *images:...
            We can also use conditions in case statements for adding guards and ensuring correct condition being met.

LRU Cache: This is a special decorator in python which allows for faster and efficient execution of our code.
           LRU stands for Least Recently Used, it stores function calls in memory to avoid recalculation for the same input.
           This is done by storing recent function calls and results in memory and using them to give output when same set of arguments are passed.
           This also means we only get the result, i.e. return statement and function code does not run (no calculations but not print statements.)
           Default maxsize = 128
           .cache_info() returns (hits, misses, maxsize, currsize) , .cache_parameters() returns {maxsize, typed}, .cache_clear() empties the cache.
           typed argument decides whether similar values will be treated differently or not, if True than 1 & 1.0 will be treated different values otherwise not.